hello this is relapse one at one or
Michael speaking today I'm doing a
commentary on gorgeous but the monster
slayer this is a game that recently came
out on Steam and gameplay i think that
starts called it's an indie game that
costs around $18 at the moment it's got
a temper sent ten percent off promotion
because yeah just come out at the moment
there's been a voice acting but is
pretty terrible I'll get into that a bit
more later on but i'll spare you the
whole deal of listening to it it's got
fairly nice graphics as you can see
there are a few annoyances like shadows
really jagged but as a whole it's very
nice here you're about to see a
cinematic i believe the cinematics are
actually very nice a lot of cinematic i
think they've done a good job there i
won't play much of the game mr. Neeson
makeup actually seen but it's nice i
think this is massive demonic guy here
beating up some dude you actually don't
know who he is i don't explain it all
this is just our gosh just home city i'm
not giving away too much was the very
start of the game but if you don't
believe if you don't want to see any
game player anything that I I reckon
that you shouldn't watch any further
because it might be spoilers but yeah
you see that bit that was pretty nice
and then you see me trying to run around
here it's fast forward it a bit controls
are really bad because basically you
can't move anything with your mouth like
your country sorry I'm I'm back some
reason my Mac stop recording I'm us to
look into that might because the hydras
game for but yeah as I was saying you
can't you can't move anything with your
mouse like there's no camera controls
for your mouse it's basically hacking
and slashing especially I don't know if
you see here you might see a minute if
you jump and attack it doesn't do any
special attack or anything it's sort of
a stilted like move it's not that great
but yeah it's it's pretty good like as a
game like hopefully
like when um I think that are dead to
making the other people to make this
game it's the first game so I think if
they had some more resources of you know
this game does fairly well as I think it
is doing that they could actually
produce a fairly nice game but I so far
this feels basically like a prince of
persia rip off for a game similar I've
got a war maybe but you know but doesn't
indie game it's fairly good the graphics
are definitely good he here you see me
doing pulling this thing open like this
or but I think it are you get four of
these and you get on some extra health
theater works you really gotta play this
game to realize how bout the controls
are by the way okay he sees cinematic
this dude it's about the burst through
this wall here obviously don't know what
made him sense it but I mean the
cinematics aren't you got this fight is
it's a terrible fire
the first major encounters in the game
that make it nice it sort of like meant
to be a tutorial
dodge like your first shift to dodge out
of the way but you've really got to play
the game to realize how terrible you are
press shift and you'll basically jumping
into it and it's really hard to control
which ye dodge it just be me I today
you've actually got a run into him a
king and hopefully if you get hit
something terribly its water which are
you know it isn't that engaging or great
but yeah that's way it is I think with a
few patches now this game could be good
it's definitely good for their first
game but yeah it just needs a bit of
Polish there's are definitely a few
annoyances I will try and finish this
game and I will bring some more gameplay
out but yeah not a anything this flights
about to wrap up and you'll move on to
the next bit you'll notice some of it
was fast forward it so because I what do
you want to make this video too long
mostly because I I'm not that great at
commentating it so i cant ramble on for
eight minutes now so this is one of my
longest commentaries actually yeah now
you'll see a bit of the other else in
the game like well ladder climbing and
other things like jumping jumping in
this game is horrible you can do like a
double jump but it's really hard to
control which direction you'll see that
was half jumping into the wall there as
I've jumped across yeah there's a
climate sledge and go across it's very
prince of persia like in this regard
well let's try to its they're trying to
imitate it a lot which isn't too bad if
they can pull it off but imitating a
great game does not make a great game so
yeah you see me trying to drop across
here which is woeful at best yeah this
is our this be my commentary for this
game and you my gosh that's my Slayer
it's just been me telling you all the
things that don't like about it but I
think that they could make a game in
time thanks for watching spin relapse
101 and if you enjoyed the commentary
subscribe and like
and I'm offering small game play out